You have to first understand what the one
means.
It's just meaning the first count or the first
beat in a bar, right.
So this is the top of the recording, this
is where I would like to start from, right.
So, okay.
So what may aim is is to make a smooth transition
on to incorporate a universal cut that most
hip hop or R&amp;B DJ's use as a transitional
cut.
This is called chirping, right.
I'm going to chirp the next song, then I'm
going to drop on the one, right.
So the top of the recording or whatever you
choose for the one-two beat, right.
So you can listen to the recording, you can
drop it from there if that's your one.
The one can't just be from anywhere, it's
what you start counting from, right.
You're going to drop on the one, right.
But I'm going to actually go to the top of
the recording, all right.
One.
So that beat, that's the one.
This track
counting bars, three, four, five, two, three,
four, six, two, three, four, seven, two, three,
four, eight, twookay?
I just dropped on the one.
Focus when you're dropping on the one or you're
transitioning with scratching or you're releasing
on the one count, on that beat, that first
beat is for it to be on time, that is the
golden rule is make sure your release is on
time.
Make sure the transition is clean, and make
sure that the transition makes sense because
you don't want to just throw on anything.